The belly is so big
And lied to me about having uterine fibroids
What were you thinking?
Can you hide something like having a baby?
Sister, is the child a Muni pimple?
Is it lipolysis?
Sister Ming Niu Pen is saying
He broke off his engagement with Shen Wanci and went to heaven
I even picked a date for my engagement
He's a scum, not him
Ah!
Tell me the truth.
Have you been bullied?
Sister, who bullied you?
I'm going to settle the bill with him now
I kill him
No one bullies me
I've played with my hair myself
I'm so disappointed in you.
Did you make a pair of small mistakes?
You made you look like this
It will be difficult for you to marry a good family in the future
Do you know that you put yourself
It's all ruined.
Munich, you are back home
Why are you here?
I'm sorry I didn't protect you well.
Let you suffer so much grievance
rude
Mu Lingling
You don't blame An An
Auntie sorry
It's all my fault
I'm not even pregnant
The child in her womb
It's mine.